Update README.md (#2423)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: README.md

## Support

> For NGINX Plus customers NGINX Gateway Fabric (when used with NGINX Plus) is covered by the support contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For NGINX Plus customers, NGINX Gateway Fabric (when used with NGINX Plus) is covered by the support contract.
```

Author: Made some additional changes on the update below.

> For NGINX Plus customers NGINX Ingress Controller (when used with NGINX Plus) is covered by the support contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For NGINX Plus customers NGINX Gateway Fabric (when used with NGINX Plus) is covered by the support contract.
```
